Sur Awa, tu seras dans un petit groupe de conversation. Lorsque tu rentres dans l'application, tu vas être mis en attente le temps qu'Awa te trouve un groupe. Plus il y a de monde sur l'application moins ce temps est long.

Awa t'empêche de n'être que 2 au début sur la conversation. Si tu veux commencer à envoyer des messages, il faudra être au moins trois ! (nous avons aussi installé l'application, il est possible que tu tombes sur des groupes où nous sommes déjà présents)

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
-- -- --- CONTEXT -- -- --

We are not a social media platform: users don't post. Therefore, the content you create is not public to anyone on the platform.

Awa sends you to a small conversation group of three to five users when you join the app. You don't choose your conversation group.

We don't store the conversation's messages, so you won't be able to see the previous messages.

You have multiple options if you don't like someone in your group. You can remove messages, ask the group member to ban a user or leave the group. When you ban a user, you will receive a prompt to remove all the messages from the banned user. When you leave a group, you won't be able to interact with this group, and Awa will assign you to a new group. A group is deleted when everyone leaves it, so groups change often. We expect groups to live no more than a week.

Only the users in the group with you will see your messages when you send messages. So you know who will see your content and who will send you content.

Awa doesn't send you in a group at random. Indeed, your group will varies on based on the information you provided.

We expect our users to use our app to find new friends. We offer an experience centred around conversations between small groups of users. We think meeting new friends in 1:1 conversation never works and is often oriented toward a sexual or romantic relationship. Users can only send text and don't have a profile picture to avoid all bias or discrimination.

We hope to create a place where you can meet new friends without judgment and total control over your privacy.
